JoveHeal - Client Testimonials
Source: https://www.joveheal.com/testimonials

Real Stories, Real Transformations.

The true impact of this work is best reflected in the experiences of those who have gone through it. Hear from professionals and leaders who have overcome self-doubt, stress, and career misalignment to step into their confidence, clarity, and success.

1:1 HEALING SESSION TESTIMONIALS:

WEIGHT LOSS SUCCESS - VB
"I wanted to take a moment to express my heartfelt gratitude for the incredible healing journey you have guided me through. Your wisdom, compassion, and spiritual insight have helped me heal emotional wounds I had been carrying for far too long. I feel lighter, more centered, and more in tune with my true self than I have in years.

Your support has been a transformative force in not only my emotional well-being but also in my physical health. The weight loss I've experienced after your healing feels like a true reflection of the inner work we've done together—shedding old burdens and expectations, releasing past pain, and embracing a new, healthier way of being.

I literally lost 25+ lbs within 2 months and still keeping it off - which was amazing for me as I was not able to shed that off earlier. It also helped balance my blood sugar and get all the vitals in balance! Thank you for your unwavering support, kindness and the healing space you've created for me to heal. I am forever grateful for the profound changes you've helped bring into my life - it's like I 'found myself' in this journey and I am loving it."

THYROID, ANXIETY, STOMACH ISSUES, LOW SELF-ESTEEM & CONFIDENCE - SF
"Shaveta has been a true blessing in my life. Her healing touch, deep wisdom, and calming presence have helped me through some of my most challenging times. She understands, listens, and nurtures with such care, creating a space of trust and comfort. Every session with her brings me a sense of peace, clarity, and renewed strength. I can't thank her enough for the difference she has made in my life. Shaveta has helped me find balance and wellbeing in ways I never thought would be possible, and I wholeheartedly recommend her to anyone in need of deep, genuine healing!! I wish to continue healing with her all my life."

CHRONIC HEALTH ISSUES, MIGRAINES, ANXIOUSNESS, FEELING UNWORTHY & ALONE - K
"I've always believed that the Universe has a way to bring you things you ask for and aligns you with people and circumstances who can bring you where you wish to be. I was falling apart, struggling to get things back into control and my sign was when I came across Jove Heal and Shaveta. I booked her 3 month session which was on an offer, I had little expectation, but was determined and had faith in the process.

My situation and experiences caused me chronic health issues, I was on migraine medicines every single day for over a month, aside from other medicines for other health issues, constantly anxious, lonely and just upset with being me, constantly questioning if I was worthy enough. I couldn't see the light at the end of the tunnel.

Shaveta is a natural and very gifted - relatable, compassionate and kind, offers you a safe space to open yourself up to her and will guide you to your path of healing yourself. My migraines are miraculously reduced, aiming for them to go away, my health is surprisingly improved and I am more accepting of myself, she helped me identify my patterns, letting go of my past came to me naturally, I experienced clarity and closure."

ANXIETY, FEAR, DEPRESSION & PANIC DISORDER FOR 10 YEARS - S
"I suffered from anxiety, fear, depression and had very bad panic disorder...Even simple day to day activities made me feel anxious and stressed out... After I started therapy with Shaveta, I started to feel better ..and after every session, I got relieved from anxiety more than before ..I felt liberated completely after 5 sessions..Shaveta was closely looking over my mental well-being. Shaveta healed me so well that I don't feel depressed anymore...I feel so confident and believe in myself..."

RELATIONSHIP ISSUES WITH KIDS, SEARCHING FOR JOY & PEACE - S
"Working with Shaveta has changed my life. Shaveta is in a stratosphere of talent and effectiveness. Her gifts are truly awe-inspiring. She is not only loving, kind, egoless, generous, and incredibly knowledgeable about many modalities, her process is efficient and transformational. She made me love, respect my own existence. Now I have understood the actual meaning of joy and happiness which exists in ourselves. Thanks mam. Feeling blessed to have you in my life."

STRESS & ANGER ISSUES - H
"When I was scrolling on Instagram I heard her calm voice saying and guiding. I started following as it was very soothing. Her readings were perfect about me. She did my healing in an hour's time. I had a lot of resentment and regret. I wanted to move ahead in life but I felt my wrong decisions were a hindrance to my wonderful dreamt life. She patiently with extremely soothing voice helped me be my own best friend. She cleared all regrets and she helped me meditate & clean my aura and projecting radiance through me. I slept well. I felt confident in my dreams. She is extremely powerful and possesses a lot of positive vibes."

FEARS AND SELF DOUBTS FOR 38 YEARS - A
"I was fearful about everything and anything, I had difficulty living my life with the fear of the unknown and fearful about any object around me for the last 38 years of my life. It affected my sleep to a larger extent as well. I had chronic fear which I was not able to get over through therapy or counseling. I got completely healed of my fears after the 4th session of my healing journey with Shaveta. I feel so light and free now and there is nothing for me to fear about."

CHRONIC DEPRESSION & ANXIETY FOR 35 YEARS - A
"I have suffered from Chronic Depression and Anxiety for the past 35 years and affected every area of my life. I tried every possible way to resolve it medically, through counseling and many other modalities but none of them healed me. I was looking for a ray of light to come out of the darkness and I found Shaveta as a beacon of light in my life and I took a leap of faith to start my healing journey with her. As I started sessions with Shaveta my depression and anxiety were completely healed by the 2nd session. I don't have those feelings at all in my life anymore. I feel joyful about myself and I see happiness around me."

SEVERE DIGESTIVE ISSUES FOR 7 YEARS - A
"I had severe stomach issues for the past 7 years. I have developed sensitivity in my stomach and also I had least control over my portion sizes. I use to find comfort in food numbing all my pain and it caused severe irritability and constipation issues for many years. After the 3rd session with Shaveta I could see a huge difference in the irritability in my stomach and I have complete control over my portion sizes and I am mindful about my food choices. I feel so good internally and I don't have to fear about stomach upset anymore."

FIBROMYALGIA, DEPRESSION & INSOMNIA - T
"You don't get connected to people for no reason. There's a universal force behind. God always sends Gifts thru humble humans to serve and heal others. Shaveta was one of the spiritual gifts sent towards me by God. She is such a humble soul. I felt healed after my second session itself. My journey with lots of hardships in the last few years and dealing with fibromyalgia and depression issues with insomnia has faded away. I used to stay in brain fog and unable to feel my emotions. I again feel bright inside as she helped me get connected to myself. Shaveta is truly a promising healer."

GRIEF, ANXIOUSNESS & BODY PAIN - N
"Shaveta is magical! She helped me find myself. I was lost and hiding somewhere under the burden of my fears, grief from the loss of my father and anxiety. She not only healed my fears and problems but helped me come out as a better person. Each session was beautiful, filled with bliss energies all around. She is such a beautiful person who facilitates sessions with ease and gracefully. These sessions released each and every fear in such a short span of time. I felt lighter and calmer as each session went by. I am forever grateful to you Shaveta."

SEVERE LOWER BACK PAIN FOR 25 YEARS - A
"I have suffered from extreme lower back pain for almost 25 years. It was very painful, especially at the base of my spine. I could not even sit for long hours. If I did any physical activity the first thing was affecting my lower back. I got completely healed from lower back pain after my 4th session with Shaveta. I am extremely happy, active and joyful now. Thank you for all of the healings."

SLEEP ISSUES FOR 38 YEARS - A
"I was sleep deprived for almost 38 years of my life. I was extremely fearful in the night and I hardly ever use to sleep. Falling into sleep was so painful and I would be up and awake almost through the night and I use to sleep maybe 2-3 hours sometimes it is even less. Being sleep deprived affected every part of my physical body, emotional wellbeing and my professional life too. I got completely healed of my sleeping issues after 3rd session with Shaveta. It was just like a miracle the suffering just vanished away. I slept like a baby for hours after my first session which was my life goal to sleep like a baby."
